Add missing tab and notices for the Product Settings block (#1602)
magento/merchdocs: src/catalog/settings.md

|[Search Engine Optimization]({% link catalog/product-search-engine-optimization.md %})|Specifies the URL Key and metadata fields that are used by search engines to index the product.|
|[Related Products, Up-Sells, and Cross-Sells]({% link catalog/related-products-up-sells-cross-sells.md %})|Used to set up simple promotional blocks on the storefront that present a selection of additional products that might be of interest to the customer.|
|[Customizable Options]({% link catalog/settings-advanced-custom-options.md %})|Adds customizable options to a product.|
|[Product in Websites]({% link catalog/settings-basic-websites.md %})| Identifies each website where the product is available, according to the store hierarchy.|
|[Design]({% link catalog/settings-advanced-design.md %})|Used to apply a different theme to the product page, change the column layout, determine where product options appear, and enter custom XML code.|
|[Gift options]({% link catalog/product-gift-options.md %})|Used to enable or disable a gift message option during checkout at the product level.|

> |{:.b2b-only}[Product In Shared Catalogs]({% link catalog/catalog-shared.md %})| Gives the ability to maintain gated shared catalogs with custom pricing for different companies and provides access to two types of shares catalogs with different pricing structures.|

Reviewer: Unfortunately, `{:.b2b-only}` does not work in tables

```suggestion
|<span class="b2b-only">[Product In Shared Catalogs]({% link catalog/catalog-shared.md %})</span>| Enables the ability to maintain shared catalogs with custom pricing for different companies, with access to two types of shared catalogs using different pricing structures.|
```
